Edits, distribution, and requirements (#7)
Jjagg/MonoGame: Documentation/create_project.md

# Creating a MonoGame Project

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Oh, I forgot to remove the title here. These are added automatically by SharpDoc based on the `name` attribute in the configuration above. So this title change should be made in the config file.

When Visual Studio restarts click Create a new project. The MonoGame templates should show up at the top, if not search for MonoGame in the search bar.

You'll see a few different templates were installed. To know which one to use, please refer to overview of the [Target Platforms](Platforms.md).

## .NET Core CLI

You can set up a project using the .NET Core CLI (Command Line Interface).
If you don't have the .NET Core SDK installed, go get the latest version [here](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) (3.1 and up recommended).
After installation you can run `dotnet --info` in a terminal to make sure the installation was successful.

> MonoGame publishes templates for [dotnet new](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-new). To install the C# templates run `dotnet new -i MonoGame.Templates.CSharp`.

Reviewer: Just a note: single newlines don't matter in markdown (unless you enable a markdown extension for it). You need two newlines or whitespace at the end of a line to end a paragraph, so this change does not effect how the text is rendered. I split markdown lines often on purpose to make diffs easier to read.

Author: Yeah, that's due to my markdown editor (MarkText) actually breaking at single breaks, sorry. ^^'

> You can now create new projects. For that, create a new directory where you want your project source to belong. Then open up a terminal and navigate to directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now create new projects. To do that, create a new directory for your project. Then, open a terminal and navigate to your project directory.
```
Bit of a rant here, not related to the suggested change.
`dotnet new -o` creates a new directory. `-o` sets the output directory and by default the name of the directory is used as the project name. If you pass `-n` you set the name and the template decides if a new directory is created by default or not.
Because we show the command with the `-o` flag you don't really have to create a new directory first. But most people probably want a directory for the solution if they want to have multiple projects, so this is probably the best way to let people set up a project.

Run `dotnet new <TemplateID> -o <ProjectName>` to create your project, where `<TemplateID>` is a platform identifier, and `<ProjectName>` the name of your project.

For example: `dotnet new mgdesktopgl -o MyGame`.

> To know which platform identifier to use for your project, please refer to [Target Platforms](Platforms.md) overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To know which platform identifier to use for your project, please refer to [Target Platforms](Platforms.md).
```
